waiting to die in one of gaza's last
remaining
hospitals that's the un's assessment of
patients seeking treatment in the
territory's shattered medical
system Relentless Israeli bombardment
and dwindling supplies means there are
no longer any functioning hospitals in
Northern Gaza there isn't enough blood
IV fluids or fuel to run generators that
power
ventilators and according to UNICEF at
least a thousand children have had their
Li amputated without anesthetic I've
been to the north I was in Ali hospital
just a few days ago where the health
workers there can't even do the basics
anymore so you have wounds Infested by
flies you have people who will die of
injuries that should not be killing
people alah Baptist Hospital is
overburdened with patients so much so
that its church is now being used to
house the
injured the trickle of Aid coming into
Gaza not nearly a match for the severity
of the healthcare crisis critical cases
doctors and nurses absolutely scrambling
people crying out that they need blood
for their sons and daughter who were
dying there's
almost nothing that this team can do in
the South another wave of injured arrive
at a hospital operating at three times
its
capacity staff struggling with the same
shortages as their colleagues in the
north these Palestinian families from
Gaza City heed Israel's evacuation order
early in the war they moved South
believing they would be
safe we were sitting and eating when we
found something falling over our heads
none of us are Hamas members or anything
I wish we hadn't come to K yunas I wish
we'd stayed in Gaza City there are
wounded here and there are wounded there
I wish we had just stayed in Gaza
City the hospitals in the South are the
only ones still partially functioning
but even they not spared from Israel's
expanding
offensive paramedics from the Palestine
red crescent Society attend to more
wounded the agency's headquarters were
attacked this
week Within These Walls doctors are
forced to step over bodies as they rush
to the next patient hoping at least some
Will
Survive while the courtyards have become
a burial site a place of mourning in
what's supposed to be a place of healing
bad mahichi Al
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer